README.md, before:

# CanvasPong
Tutorial of the traditional game Pong build in a HTML5 canvas tag
* * * 

**Author:** [Hans-Helge B&uuml;rger ](http://www.hanshelgebuerger.de "Hans-Helge Bürger - Webpage")  
**Date:** 6th April 2012  
**Licence:** [Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ "Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)")

### Introduction

*CanvasPong* is a self-made tutorial to get know the canvas-tag in HTML5. This tag is a nice way to build HTML5 games with **JavaScript**.

#[BRING ME TO THE TUTORIAL](http://obstschale.github.com/CanvasPong/ "CanvasPong Tutorial")

### Background

I had to learn *JavaScript* for a web engineering assignment to build a own game in canvas. After many hours of web searching I had the idea to build **Pong** in canvas and publish it as a tutorial for others.  
So **CanvasPong** was born. This is also my first tutorial ever but it won't be my last. I want to create and publish new tutorial of any kind - I just want to give you some neet content.

### Usage and Licensing

I'm a huge fan of *CreativeCommons* and so it's my first choice for licensing. I choose the [**CC BY 3.0**](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ "Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)") so you can use it for free. It's also allowed to adapt the work, for an own tutorial or a new game. But if you use it link to the tutorial.

Commit message:

Demo Link
- added link to the demo page
- tutorial link links to the same page b/c tutorial is not finish yet.

README.md, after:

# CanvasPong
Tutorial of the traditional game Pong build in a HTML5 canvas tag
* * * 

**Author:** [Hans-Helge B&uuml;rger ](http://www.hanshelgebuerger.de "Hans-Helge Bürger - Webpage")  
**Date:** 6th April 2012  
**Licence:** [Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ "Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)")

### Introduction

*CanvasPong* is a self-made tutorial to get know the canvas-tag in HTML5. This tag is a nice way to build HTML5 games with **JavaScript**.

#[Bring me to the Tutorial](http://obstschale.github.com/CanvasPong/ "CanvasPong Tutorial") | [Show me the DEMO](http://obstschale.github.com/CanvasPong/ "Demo CanvasPong")

### Background

I had to learn *JavaScript* for a web engineering assignment to build a own game in canvas. After many hours of web searching I had the idea to build **Pong** in canvas and publish it as a tutorial for others.  
So **CanvasPong** was born. This is also my first tutorial ever but it won't be my last. I want to create and publish new tutorial of any kind - I just want to give you some neet content.

### Usage and Licensing

I'm a huge fan of *CreativeCommons* and so it's my first choice for licensing. I choose the [**CC BY 3.0**](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ "Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)") so you can use it for free. It's also allowed to adapt the work, for an own tutorial or a new game. But if you use it link to the tutorial.
